Add info about release notifications (#1337)
ava-labs/avalanche-docs: docs/apis/avalanchego/avalanchego-release-notes.md

:::

:::info

> If you have an ID for an node, you can use the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a node, you can subscribe to the
```

Author: fixed 415e7fb55a826fe9cbc3dc82d45d1e7ad050bbee

> [avalanche notify service](/docs/nodes/maintain/avalanche-notify.md) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[avalanche notify service](/docs/nodes/maintain/avalanche-notify.md) with your node ID
```

Author: fixed 415e7fb55a826fe9cbc3dc82d45d1e7ad050bbee

to be notified about new releases.

> In addition, if you don't have a node ID, you can get release notifications from github.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, or if you don't have a node ID, you can get release notifications from github.
```

Reviewer: Please make the same modification to the other place in this PR.

Author: fixed 415e7fb55a826fe9cbc3dc82d45d1e7ad050bbee
